Such lifestyle factors such as cigarette smoking, excessive alcohol consumption, little physical activity and low dietary calcium intake are risk factors for osteoporosis as well as for many other non-communicable diseases.
Gro Harlem Brundtland

My bladder cancer was related to smoking, and I think smoking kills people.
Bob Schieffer

Asthma doesn't seem to bother me any more unless I'm around cigars or dogs. The thing that would bother me most would be a dog smoking a cigar.
Steve Allen

Look at any black-and-white movie; everybody is smoking.
Loni Anderson

My mom started smoking when she was 11. She went to the hill next door to try her first cigarette. She set the entire hill on fire, but it didn't deter her.
Loni Anderson

I will go so far as to say probably smoking had something to do with my pancreatic cancer.
Patrick Swayze

I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself.
Johnny Carson

I still believe that 'No Smoking' is one of my best performances.
John Abraham

They're talking about banning cigarette smoking now in any place that's used by ten or more people in a week, which, I guess, means that Madonna can't even smoke in bed.
Bill Maher

It takes a lot of dedication to quit smoking, and whether you give up for good on your first try or have to give it a couple of tries - just keep swinging at it and you will succeed.
Harmon Killebrew

I don't know how it started but someone must have noticed I was always chewing tobacco or smoking a pipe.
Hank Sauer

Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times.
Mark Twain

When we go to a restaurant, they don't ask, 'Do you want the asbestos section or the non-asbestos section?' They do ask, 'Do you want smoking or nonsmoking?'
John Roberts

I don't want to quit smoking. I am convinced that if I quit smoking, the world would go to hell.
Marjane Satrapi

Smoking kills you, but life kills you, and if you don't want to die, go into a freezer when you are born and nothing will happen to you.
Marjane Satrapi

As a rule, wearing a bigger pair of jeans looks better than squishing yourself into a pair of jeans that used to fit before you gave up smoking.
Jenny Eclair

Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.
Brooke Shields

I stopped smoking. But my personality I still have. I get up in the morning, and not everybody loves me, so if you want to call that a bad habit, there's that.
Don Rickles

Well, I quit smoking three weeks ago and I had a hard day today not smoking.
Eric Roberts

I actually don't think there is machismo in America, unless it's the cowboy type - the silent, smoking brooder.
Rosecrans Baldwin

One of my resolutions is to quit smoking. I've tried for the past two years, but this year I am going to stick with it.
John Oldham

Much smoking kills live men and cures dead swine.
George Dennison Prentice

Quoting, like smoking, is a dirty habit to which I am devoted.
Carolyn Gold Heilbrun

Every citizen who stops smoking, or loses a few pounds, or starts managing his chronic disease with real diligence, is caulking a crack for the benefit of us all.
Mitch Daniels

I thought I couldn't afford to take her out and smoke as well. So I gave up cigarettes. Then I took her out and one day I looked at her and thought: 'Oh well,' and I went back to smoking again, and that was better.
Benny Hill

Anything that has a relationship with pleasure, we reject it. Eating, they talk about cholesterol; making love, they talk about AIDS; you talk about smoking, they talk about cancer. It's a very sick society that rejects pleasure.
Marjane Satrapi

If you just do a Google search and type in 'smoking' or 'lung cancer', you will be barraged with never ending facts and numbers, like how one in every three Americans is affected by lung disease and how COPD is the third leading cause of death and if you get lung cancer the odds are 95% that you will die.
Matthew Gray Gubler

To me, being grown-up meant smoking cigarettes, drinking cocktails, and dressing up in high heels and glamourous outfits.
Lorna Luft

In the 1960s, you could eat anything you wanted, and of course, people were smoking cigarettes and all kinds of things, and there was no talk about fat and anything like that, and butter and cream were rife. Those were lovely days for gastronomy, I must say.
Julia Child

Smoking is one of the leading causes of all statistics.
Liza Minnelli

I think the reason kids get into drugs and smoking is they don't have anything to do.
Richard Thompson

Smoking is related to practically every terrible thing that can happen to you.
Loni Anderson

It is better to not even try it than to endure the ramifications of either quitting smoking or dying.
Christy Turlington

I was a militant smoker, and in my case, I think I particularly used smoking because what I felt was a kind of politically correct big brother assault on smoking.
Joe Eszterhas

I'm actually doing a show. from my shed. on the internet. but it won't be music or anything, it's more to do with drinking and smoking. it's an art piece.
Vince Clarke

I'm more proud of quitting smoking than of anything else I've done in my life, including winning an Oscar.
Christine Lahti

I was opposed to the government mandating that restaurants not allow people to smoke, believing it becomes the customer's choice whether they go in or not. But then, I thought, 'What about the employees? Aren't they hostage to a smoking environment, even if they don't smoke?'
Gary Johnson

Yeah, well, I finally stopped smoking for good.
Liam Neeson

My dad had emphysema and both of my parents had chronic bronchitis and ended up with cancers - all smoking related.
Loni Anderson

I would be very proud to have influenced anyone that I know or don't know to quit smoking.
Christy Turlington

I struggled to kick the habit - I would make a decision to give up smoking, but it was hard. I couldn't resist the urge to steal a smoke. It was at that time that I was gifted Allen Carr's book 'The Easy Way to Stop Smoking.' After I read that book, I didn't touch a fag again.
Mahesh Babu

Self-righteousness has killed more people than smoking.
John McCarthy

I don't smoke and I don't want to smoke. I am not a fan of gratuitous smoking in films.
Edward Norton

I have no inhibitions about smoking or drinking, but I think too much of my voice to place it in jeopardy. I have spent many good years in training and cultivating it, and I would be foolish to do anything which might impair or ruin it.
Jeanette MacDonald

In England, it's a rare thing to see a player smoking but, all in all, I prefer that to an alcoholic. The relationship with alcohol is a real problem in English football and, in the short term, it's much more harmful to a sportsman. It weakens the body, which becomes more susceptible to injury.
Alex Ferguson

I found out that smoking is the leading cause of statistics.
Matthew Gray Gubler

It totally ruins my voice. I quit smoking, drinking, and doing ecstasy.
Mark Hoppus

Scientists have demonstrated that dramatic, positive changes can occur in our lives as a direct result of facing an extreme challenge - whether it's coping with a serious illness, daring to quit smoking, or dealing with depression. Researchers call this 'post-traumatic growth.'
Jane McGonigal

Once you avoid the things that accelerate aging like smoking, obesity, excessive alcohol consumption, and excessive sun exposure, you've done about as much as you can to influence your aging process.
S. Jay Olshansky

Oh, I did stop smoking a long time ago.
Mario Lemieux

There's something in the rhythm and roll of it that is connected to the way Hitchcock thinks and moves. Then there is everything he ingested - the cigar smoking and drinking that's imprinted on his voice.
Toby Jones

The culture is about moving to a place where tobacco and smoking isn't part of normal life: people don't encounter it normally, they don't see it in their big supermarkets, they don't see people smoking in public places, they don't see tobacco vending machines.
Andrew Lansley

I look at smoking as a crutch, and as an actor I would like strip away as many crutches as possible.
Claire Forlani

We're kind of like the smoking section in high school. We're immature, keep to ourselves.
Matt Stone

I told my father to stop smoking around the age of two or three years old and he stopped smoking. So the relationship between the kid and the parent is very powerful, and if you give the kid the right information, it can be very useful to the family.
Doug E. Fresh

Coffee and smoking are the last great addictions.
Lara Flynn Boyle

Ten to 20 years out, driving your car will be viewed as equivalently immoral as smoking cigarettes around other people is today.
Marc Andreessen

As an example to others, and not that I care for moderation myself, it has always been my rule never to smoke when asleep, and never to refrain from smoking when awake.
Mark Twain

I've got my dad's height and smoking habit. But I think I've got my mum's looks and sensibilities.
Max Irons

My doctor found a spot on my lung. He told me it looked like adenocarcinoma, a cancer he attributes to smoking. He didn't need to biopsy it.
Ken Kercheval

The results of this survey are shocking and should be a wake-up call to men and women that drinking and smoking too much not only gives you a bad headache in the morning but can affect your ability to start a family.
Ann Robinson

Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Fletcher Knebel

I even smoke in bed. Imagine smoking a cigar in bed, reading a book. Next to your bed, there's a cigar table with a special cigar ashtray, and your wife is reading a book on how to save the environment.
Raul Julia

So smoking is the perfect way to commit suicide without actually dying. I smoke because it's bad, it's really simple.
Damien Hirst

My rule of life prescribed as an absolutely sacred rite smoking cigars and also the drinking of alcohol before, after and if need be during all meals and in the intervals between them.
Winston Churchill

To stop smoking was actually really easy because I had already started to cut down. My husband is asthmatic, and he just can't for the life of him imagine why anybody would put smoke in their mouth, so he really helped me to start cutting down.
Holly Marie Combs

I used to give up writing like some people would give up smoking.
Octavia E. Butler

Smoking calms me down. It's enjoyable. I don't want politicians deciding what is exciting in my life.
David Hockney

Smoking is the now the principal avoidable cause of premature death in Britain. It hits the worst off people hardest of all. Smoking is one of the principal causes of the health gap which leads to poorer people being ill more often and dying sooner.
Frank Dobson

I like to think of myself at home in the armchair, writing, smoking and occasionally wandering down the shop.
Stephen Fry

People always come up to me and say that my smoking is bothering them... Well, it's killing me!
Wendy Liebman

Give up smoking. Don't get so fat. So much illness is self-induced - which I can't stand. And I'm not a good nursemaid. Don't call me if you're ill.
Anton du Beke

Boxing has kept me off the streets, stops me smoking and drinking and gives me something to do.
Billy Joe Saunders

The upside to smoking is that you get to be social. I was looking for a light when I bumped into Ben Harper's manager. A couple of days later, Ben and I were in the studio.
Beth Orton

Get me well so I can get on television and tell people to stop smoking.
Nat King Cole

Far too many times over the next 12 to 15 years, it was brought to my attention that people who followed my exercise guidelines exactly but ignored their diet, their weight and their cigarette smoking had heart attacks at age 55.
Kenneth H. Cooper

I like smoking! I mean, God, I quit everything else, can't I smoke?
Melanie Griffith

The bottom line is, until we're helping people to stop smoking, screening for breast cancer, giving Pap smears, giving prenatal care to pregnant women, we should not go into publicly paying for the artificial heart, which will benefit at great cost only a few people.
Richard Lamm

I stopped smoking. When I stopped smoking, my voice changed... so drastically, I couldn't believe it myself.
Bob Dylan

I'll never feel comfortable taking a strong drink, and I'll never feel easy smoking a cigarette. I just don't think those things are right for me.
Elvis Presley

You can't be as old as I am without waking up with a surprised look on your face every morning: 'Holy Christ, whaddya know - I'm still around!' It's absolutely amazing that I survived all the booze and smoking and the cars and the career.
Paul Newman

Smoking is hateful to the nose, harmful to the brain, and dangerous to the lungs.
King James I

Fact: From quitting smoking to skiing, we succeed to the degree we try, fail, and learn. Studies show that people who worry about mistakes shut down, but those who are relaxed about doing badly soon learn to do well. Success is built on failure.
Martha Beck

I support workplace clean air. But a federal ban on smoking would mean that you couldn't smoke in your own home. I don't care what people do in their home.
Mike Huckabee

Smoking sucks! The one thing I would say to my kid is, 'It's not just that it's bad for you. Do you want to spend the rest of your life fighting a stupid addiction to a stupid thing that doesn't even really give you a good buzz?'
Katherine Heigl

There are no crowds out there demanding to see smoking scenes in movies.
Joe Eszterhas

Taking in and blowing out smoke? And now you see girls smoking cigars. It got to be such a fad. Girls on the covers of magazines, smoking cigars. Give me a break. I didn't want to be a part of that. I don't like 'popular.'
James Coburn

If I start going back to church, I'd have to stop the smoking and drinking, and I wouldn't be able to curse any more.
Katherine Heigl

Well, I decided to stop. And I did. I stopped smoking, and I stopped speed at the same time.
Larry Hagman

A wild and crazy weekend involves sitting on the front porch, smoking a cigar, reading a book.
Robert M. Gates

You know, I'm worried about Szymborska. I wish she would stop smoking.
Wislawa Szymborska

I quit smoking the day I found out I was pregnant, which was nine years ago. But I'll still smoke in a movie. I have other vices, you know, like potato chips and chardonnay - but not together.
Jean Smart

There are enough no smoking places now.
David Hockney

It is now proved beyond doubt that smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Fletcher Knebel

If I didn't have children I might be more of a lush than I am. I like booze. I struggle with smoking. And I'm a big swearer. I'm trying to rein it in but I do think it's a nice seasoning of language.
Olivia Colman

I just don't want anyone messing around with my pure smoking pleasure.
Max Cannon

Each of us should think of the future. Every puff on a cigarette is another tick closer to a time bomb of terrible consequences. Christopher Hitchens didn't care about the consequences of smoking cigarettes. Tragically, he died of throat cancer in December 2011.
Ray Comfort

Tobacco exports should be expanded aggressively because Americans are smoking less.
Dan Quayle

I've chosen to get the word out to women, especially young women, that tobacco is not glamorous - it's addictive and smoking takes a serious toll on your health.
Mena Suvari

In Hollywood you can't even smoke in a bar anymore and yet in the movies they're always showing people smoking. I don't get it.
Gerald McRaney

If you resolve to give up smoking, drinking and loving, you don't actually live longer; it just seems longer.
Clement Freud

I do smoke in real life. A lot. We're all smoking right now in fact.
Michael Imperioli

I hate movies that tell people what to think. I'm proud that Democrats thought 'Thank You For Smoking' was their film and Republicans thought it was theirs. I'm proud that pro-choice people thought 'Juno' was their film and pro-life people thought it was theirs.
Jason Reitman

I don't operate on smokers. I tell cigarette smokers that I can operate on you, I get paid the same. And you might even do well. But it's the wrong thing to do. So I refuse to operate on you until you stop smoking.
Mehmet Oz

Seventy-five percent of women who smoke would like to quit, and yet only two to three percent quit every year... It's significant because we can help women quit smoking.
David Satcher

You're always better off if you quit smoking; it's never too late.
Loni Anderson

So I did quit coffee and I did quit smoking. But I haven't managed that with drinking!
Sharon Olds

I was with some Vietnamese recently, and some of them were smoking two cigarettes at the same time. That's the kind of customers we need!
Jesse Helms

Impotence is one of the major hazards of cigarette smoking.
Loni Anderson

The true face of smoking is disease, death and horror - not the glamour and sophistication the pushers in the tobacco industry try to portray.
David Byrne

